I like to prepare almost all at home
the snacks my children make
and these cupcakes that are inspired by the
red velvet recipe are a bit
of cupcakes with the trap
because in fact and as expected
original American recipe inside
in red beet is given by I
also removed the right dye for
make them even healthier and I added a
little piece of cocoa that masks the
taste of beetroot and makes them
really special treats
to begin with you need a
steamed beetroot
you can also bake it
the important thing is that the soft 20 blame
to beet I go to add the
blacksmith cherries that will give the mixture
an even more special taste e
especially lightly sweet
you have to chop it well until the pulp
will have reached the consistency of one
puree
good morning the jug of a blender
or even simply a grater
beets ready
the second passage involves butter and
sugar mixed together is convenient
cut the butter into small pieces
quite small so it will be easier
knead it with a whisk
a little vanilla extract just a
spoon
and now it takes a little patience
especially if the cold butter
at this point I add the egg
it is a little longer to stir the butter with
the whisk but don't give in to desire
to dissolve it in the microwave because
otherwise, remove the texture from the two
cupcakes now the woman behind does not
sour cherries
the combination of beetroot is
it really was a revelation to me is
inside this cake from really a
special taste that few succeed
to guess
now the flour
and the cocoa console
and a sieve bicarbonate tip
all together and finish mixing
almost done the last piece ever goes
called by hand
the dough is ready I let it rest a
moment and in the meantime prepare to
mold the oven is already at temperature a
180 degrees
even if the mold is made of silicone
I prefer to butter him for not having
surprises when I have to pull out the le
my mini red velvet
last stage the molds better not
fill them too much because they will swell
a little during cooking
now put them in the oven and in the leaves
cook you can serve these mini red
velvet also so removed from their own
stencil and let it cool
or for a much more delicious version
with mascarpone cream and one
marina
you have to squeeze the mascarpone cream into
so as to leave a small hole
inside where to go to fix the
marina
these are excellent for the snack of the
children but I would say also to do great